Adds Etcdv2 (#3582)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/components-reference/supported-state-stores/setup-etcd.md

The above example uses secrets as plain strings. It is recommended to use a secret store for the secrets as described [here]({{< ref component-secrets.md >}}).
{{% /alert %}}

### Versioning

> Dapr has 2 versions of the Etcd state store component: `v1` and `v2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dapr has 2 versions of the Etcd state store component: `v1` and `v2`. It is recommended to use `v2`, as `v1` is deprecated.
```

> `v1` and `v2` have the same metadata fields, however `v1` will cause data inconsistencies in apps when using [Actor TTLs]({{< ref "actors_api.md#ttl" >}}) from Dapr `v1.12`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While `v1` and `v2` have the same metadata fields, `v1` causes data inconsistencies in apps when using [Actor TTLs]({{< ref "actors_api.md#ttl" >}}) from Dapr v1.12.
```

> Users should always use `v2` over `v1` as `v1` is deprecated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Moved this up ^^

> `v1` and `v2` are incompatible and there is no data migration path for `v1` to `v2` on an existing active Etcd cluster and `keyPrefixPath`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`v1` and `v2` are incompatible with no data migration path for `v1` to `v2` on an existing active Etcd cluster and `keyPrefixPath`.
```

> If you are using `v1`, you should continue to use `v1` until you create a new Etcd cluster or use a different `keyPrefixPath`, then use `v2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using `v1`, you should continue to use `v1` until you create a new Etcd cluster or use a different `keyPrefixPath`.
```
